---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kubevirt_data_volume Resource - terraform-provider-kubevirt"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# kubevirt_data_volume (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Standard DataVolume's metadata. More info: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) DataVolumeSpec defines our specification for a DataVolume type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Optional

- `status` (Block List, Max: 1) DataVolumeStatus provides the parameters to store the phase of the Data Volume (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--status))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) An unstructured key value map stored with the DataVolume that may be used to store arbitrary metadata. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/annotations
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) the DataVolume. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/labels
- `name` (String) Name of the DataVolume, must be unique. Cannot be updated. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#names
- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the space within which name of the DataVolume must be unique.

Read-Only:

- `generation` (Number) A sequence number representing a specific generation of the desired state.
- `resource_version` (String) An opaque value that represents the internal version of this DataVolume that can be used by clients to determine when DataVolume has changed. Read more: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
- `self_link` (String) A URL representing this DataVolume.
- `uid` (String) The unique in time and space value for this DataVolume. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/identifiers#uids


<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `pvc` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) PVC is a pointer to the PVC Spec we want to use. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--pvc))

Optional:

- `content_type` (String) ContentType options: "kubevirt", "archive".
- `source` (Block List, Max: 1) Source is the src of the data for the requested DataVolume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--source))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--pvc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pvc`

Required:

- `access_modes` (Set of String) A set of the desired access modes the volume should have. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/persistent-volumes#access-modes-1
- `resources` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) A list of the minimum resources the volume should have. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/persistent-volumes#resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--pvc--resources))

Optional:

- `selector` (Block List, Max: 1) A label query over volumes to consider for binding. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--pvc--selector))
- `storage_class_name` (String) Name of the storage class requested by the claim
- `volume_name` (String) The binding reference to the PersistentVolume backing this claim.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--pvc--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pvc.resources`

Optional:

- `limits` (Map of String) Map describing the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/compute-resources/
- `requests` (Map of String) Map describing the minimum amount of compute resources required. If this is omitted for a container, it defaults to `limits` if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/compute-resources/


<a id="nestedblock--spec--pvc--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pvc.selector`

Optional:

- `match_expressions` (Block List) A list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--pvc--selector--match_expressions))
- `match_labels` (Map of String) A map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of `match_expressions`, whose key field is "key", the operator is "In", and the values array contains only "value". The requirements are ANDed.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--pvc--selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.pvc.selector.match_expressions`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The label key that the selector applies to.
- `operator` (String) A key's relationship to a set of values. Valid operators ard `In`, `NotIn`, `Exists` and `DoesNotExist`.
- `values` (Set of String) An array of string values. If the operator is `In` or `NotIn`, the values array must be non-empty. If the operator is `Exists` or `DoesNotExist`, the values array must be empty. This array is replaced during a strategic merge patch.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.source`

Optional:

- `http` (Block List, Max: 1) DataVolumeSourceHTTP provides the parameters to create a Data Volume from an HTTP source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--source--http))
- `pvc` (Block List, Max: 1) DataVolumeSourcePVC provides the parameters to create a Data Volume from an existing PVC. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--source--pvc))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--source--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.source.http`

Optional:

- `cert_config_map` (String) Cert_config_map provides a reference to the Registry certs.
- `secret_ref` (String) Secret_ref provides the secret reference needed to access the HTTP source.
- `url` (String) url is the URL of the http source.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--source--pvc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.source.pvc`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the PVC.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace which the PVC located in.




<a id="nestedblock--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `phase` (String) DataVolumePhase is the current phase of the DataVolume.
- `progress` (String) DataVolumePhase is the current phase of the DataVolume.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)


